# MR-9 -- May 21, 2023 : Enochian

Title: MR-9 -- May 21, 2023 : Enochian
Date: May 21, 2023
ID: MR-9
Activities: Enochian
Time: 8:00 pm

NIA

Went with the intention of finding the Azazel character again. At first saw a horrific scene of blood and a child being chopped up. stone.  Felt Azazel as a voice. I asked him for guidance in my life and he seemed uninterested. He said if I didn’t know what to do to just wait until I did.

POP

In pop I stand before a great banquet table. A giant man with a beard and a crown of mistle and candles sits across from me. He tells me his name is OGREPAN and he is the king of this realm. He invites me to his banquet. I now notice many white and shadowy creatures that gather around the banquet table. The food looks delicious. I taste it and the sense is very vivid. The food is very delicious. I eat some sort of roast bird with cranberry sauce. The more I eat the more I want to eat.

OGREPAN tells me this realm has some connection to the experience of sustaining life. I ask him about how the Aires relate to the human consciousness and he tells me that I misunderstand- that I am not looking at the relationship of consciousness to aethyr correctly. I ask him to explain but I can not understand what he says. I see a wheel with my ego in the center and as I move the aethyrs move with me. I feel I don’t have the language to understand what I am being shown

I want to continue eating but I know it is time to go. The food tastes better the more I eat. I am served a large brick of what appears to be clear jello but when I eat it , it has no taste. This seems to break the spell and I am able to thank my host and leave.

#magic_record
